[docs] Synchronized server requirements on the installation documentation page (#14451)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/installing/README.md

   - SSH connection is possible using the specified authentication data.
   - SSH tunneling to the master node server (or VM) is possible.
   - The server (VM) selected for the master node installation must meet the [minimum system requirements](/products/kubernetes-platform/guides/hardware-requirements.html):
     - at least 4 CPU cores;
     - at least 8 GB of RAM;
     - at least 60 GB of disk space with 400+ IOPS performance;
     - Linux kernel version 5.7 or newer;
     - one of the package managers installed: `apt`, `apt-get`, `yum`, or `rpm`;
     - access to standard OS package repositories.
   - Python is installed on the master node server (VM).
   - The container image registry is accessible through a proxy (if proxy settings are specified in the installation configuration).
   - Required installation ports are free on the master node server (VM) and the installer host.
   - DNS must resolve `localhost` to IP address 127.0.0.1.
   - The user has `sudo` privileges on the server (VM).
   - Required ports for the installation must be open:

>      - port 22322/TCP between the install host and the server;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - port 22322/TCP between the host running the installer and the server;
```
